Alright, now we're gonna do this orders page.
We already have an orders page.
So we go ahead and open that.
It should just say something like hello.
What I'm gonna get you to do is,
take the code that we just wrote
for the single order page,
and just like blast it and overwrite that.
'Cause that's gonna be very similar to what we're doing.
What we do have to do is
clean up these double ups
because they are only needing to go one level up.
Okay, then we'll go in here
and say replace this single orders query
with user orders query.
And the thing that we run is called allOrders.
With an S.
And interestingly enough
we don't need to pass
like where the user's ID is equal
to the currently signed in user.
That's all gonna be figured out for us
when we get into permissions.
We are gonna be able to filter that.
So when somebody just like queries all orders
we can filter it down for the only the orders
that they should be able to see themselves
which is kind of cool.
Then the things that we are querying
I think are all the same,
ID for each order,
the charge, the user, the items.
I believe that's all the same stuff
that we're gonna be querying but for each one,
then we'll go down here
and change this single order page to orders page.
There is no query that gets passed in
to this one right here.
Then we go ahead
and I guess we take away this variables here,
we don't need to pass that in.
The users orders query.
If there is loading show loading,
if there's error that.
And then we want allOrders
is gonna be destructured from data, okay.
Then you can go ahead and delete everything inside of here.
So let's just put a div that says allOrders.length.
Shoot!
Variable ID is never used in user orders query.
Yeah you're right, we don't need that there.
And actually if this is the case
you don't even need the name of the query either,
you can delete that.
I'll leave it in I think it might get better debugging
if it's in but it's not necessary.
So loading seven.
(chuckles)
Alright, here we go.
There's seven orders
and now you probably know the drill by now
is let's just get a writing some markup.
So h2 says you have allOrders.length orders.
Seven orders okay, good.
Then let's make a little list here,
so we'll say const OrderUL is equal to style.UL.
And that is display grid, grid, template, columns
Repeat.
Auto fit.
Min-max
At a minimum,
you want it, I don't know,
350 PX and a maximum one fr
and grid gap is for REM.
I'll go here and get the order UL.
And then we'll loop over all the orders.
So allOrders.map.
Order.
And then for each one,
we want to return order item styles.
And just put something in there, P A.
This order item styles, I believe I've given to you.
Let's try to import it.
There we go.
Order items, styles.
Here we go.
There's just a bunch of boxes showing up.
Then inside of each of those,
the whole thing,
I'm just going to
wrap the whole thing in a link to that specific order.
So link href equals back ticks forward slash order
forward slash order.ID.
And inside of that,
we want a div with a class of order meta.
And let's just give ourselves a paragraph
with the order.total in there.
Link is not defined.
Oh, we gotta import it.
Oh, it didn't auto import.
Let's do it ourselves.
Import link from next link.
And while we're here, we can get rid of order styles.
And I believe that's it.
There we go.
Okay, let's wrap that in a format money.
Okay, let's also pop a head tag in here.
With the title that says your orders,
and then you can just put
how many orders they have in parentheses.
There we go.
You're orders.
We have seven.
Okay, what else do we need in this meta?
Above the price,
we should put how many items they have.
So paragraph,
we need to count how many
items they have in total.
And do we do that on this one?
We did not count how many orders there were in total.
So we can, we can just do it right in line.
Or you could write a little separate function.
Let me show you how to write a separate function.
So what we'll do here is we'll make a function
called count order count items in an order.
It takes in an order,
we return ordered items that reduce,
and we get the tally and the item.
And from that,
we'll return the tally plus the item.quantity.
And we'll start off with zero.
See how that's just a little one-liner.
But we write that so often.
I hate writing reduces anyway.
So it's nice to just put it in its own function.
Then we should be able to go down here
and write count items in an order,
and then just pass it the order.
And it tells us how many items are in that order.
So we'll just say items.
(whistles)
Lookin good.
We can see how many products there are
so ordered items.length products.
So like for example, this one is three items
but one product...
Oh, look at that.
We got our links work.
(chuckles)
That's good.
Let me click through them.
They all of our links work, which is good.
One thing is one product
who we want to conditionally put that S in there.
So we'll say if ordered items.length
is equal to one than nothing.
Otherwise we'll put a S.
They're all one product.
And the rest have S's on them, good.
Below this div here,
we want a div with a class of images
and we'll loop over each of those.
So ordered items.map,
for each item
we want to return an image tag.
Let's put the key on it right away.
This is why I always query the IDs of everything.
We'll use the item.ID.
By the way, sometimes if you're using the ID for something,
and then you're using that ID
somewhere else on the page as well
React is going to yell at you
because it says hey you've used that key twice on this page.
If you ever run into that
just a quick way around that
is you can just tack something unique on the front,
like image-item.id
and that will sort of get around it.
So if you ever do...
I don't think we ran into that in this course,
but it's it's handy to know that that type of stuff.
The source of the image will be...
Gosh, we have to write public URL transformed again.
So item.image.
Oh, we got need curly brackets here.
Item.image.
Oh, no, stock photo.
Image.public url transformed.
That's something we should have read
to help our function for way earlier.
In our case,
let's put a quick little question mark on these,
just in case there is no image associated with that product.
It's not going to break it.
But yeah, if we had a little helper function
that says get image, URL,
and then you pass it in item
and it checks for all of these things
and kicks it out to you.
That would have been a good idea at the start of the course.
The alts is the item.name, okay.
It's given me grief here.
React is only expected to return a single react child
What's the problem here?
Let's just delete that.
Okay, it has actually nothing to do with our images.
It is something to do with our images.
I take that out and just put a paragraph that says
hey, what is wrong?
Oh, I know, I know,I know, I know.
It's because we're stuffing everything in a link.
So you can wrap those in a fragment.
There that works.
And then I put back that, there we go.
Hey, this is actually kind of cool.
I have used a little bit of CSS grid trickery here
and we give it as many columns as we possibly want.
At a minimum,
seeing zero pixels wide
and a maximum a hundred percent wide or one fr.
And then what's cool about that
is no matter how many images we have,
it will just slice them and show them.
And then each of the images
I gave them a height of 200 PX
and then an object fit of cover.
And then they just cropped them as they needed.
I thought that was pretty cool.
I see if we took that off, then you get stretched images
but by putting object fit cover
they just kind of cropped them.
There's also contained, which would show the entire image
but that doesn't look as cool.
So we'd go back to cover.
So I thought that was worth showing you
I believe that's it.
Now again, let's just triple check.
If we click on any of these.
Oh, they no longer work.
Okay, so know what we should do is...
I think we can do an anchor link in here
as the first child of the link.
There we go.
Now we can hover over these items
and click through to the entire one.
So that is our orders page
being able to click through to each of our order items.